What is it.
Guys I want them back now in this video we will be working up more variations so if I want to add more
variations how I am going to add it.
OK let's just go to the attributes right here and let's just create a different product.
OK.
I'm just going to go to all products.
And then here I want to create one more product so for zipper the cheap T-shirt for men or like T-shirt
for men right.
OK.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to duplicate and this product is going to be duplicated.
And then here I'm just going to change it.
OK.
And T-shirt for a man by Nike.
OK I'm here I want this to be the variable product.
OK.
So I'm just doing everything from start to that you understand everything.
I'm going to change that image because there should be no image matching up at each others.
I'm going to choose another one.
I'm just going to search for Richard OK we have two and a T-shirt.
So we need a T-shirt.
OK this one.
Let's just come here.
I said safe.
So just want to say I'm just going to I'm here.
I need one more shirt and that will be blue OK.
I have shoes in the T-shirt.
OK.
Teacher I have to get the T-shirt blue T-shirt.
I said I've just one.
I just come here.
Let's just come your let's just hit dumbo.
OK.
Now I need one more.
And that will be red T-shirt this one.
OK.
Come here.
Save it.
Download it so you can see that we have these T-shirts right here.
I'm just going to come here I'm going to go down and I need to just add the feature at him.
So my featured image will be the normal ones.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to drag this one right here eyelashes at it.
So this one is a T-shirt image.
The featured image.
Basically I'm going to said product feature an image and this will be right here.
We have variable product as selected.
OK.
We have the inventory and we have an added message to start from here.
We will be since we are adding the variable product.
That is why we are not managing the complete stock from here.
Every product would be having a different stock.
OK.
Let's just come here.
Let's just go to the variations.
Let's just go to the attributes first.
Okay let's add two attributes.
I'm just going to add first click and I'm going to hit one more.
OK so we have two right here.
The first one is going to be the color and the third one.
Second one is going to be the size.
Okay.
And then we have that color so I'm just going to add gray blue and the red gray now here and for the
size I to small medium
exhale hey this is this this will be used for variations and this will also be used for Asians.
I'm going to see that tribute and I'm going to go to the variations right here.
So let's just click the variations here we have to select all the variation from all the attributes.
I'm going to go right now and I'm going to.
OK.
So you can see that all the variations will be added.
So we have a nice variation at it.
OK.
Don't get confused.
I will explain it to you and you will also understand that you will see all the radiation.
OK.
So one two three go.
Here we go.
You can see that if someone is selected it has selected three and as if someone has selected three and
a size small and then we all charge this and if someone is selected blue and so small and really selective
that and if someone is selected read then and it's just small then we will be choosing different traits.
So this is how it's going to work.
OK.
And then what Also you can do is that a default value.
So you can also just go with from default values just like Krey.
And then I hit if the default value is 3.
OK.
And then I can just set a record regular phrases for all agree.
I'm going to show you how this is going to work.
But first just know the full color.
Let's just come here and add the price.
So if the size is small OK if the size is more then we need to add a prize for all these small size.
OK.
We don't care about the color we will fuel the customer again change the color but we're not charging
them for the size you're just charging them for the size.
OK.
I hope you understand what I'm saying.
You will understand it better and I will show you how this product is going to look.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to hit said drug prices.
So here we go and it's going to go OK.
And now here I have to value and this will be applied to all those small sized but the default color.
OK so they don't care about the color.
It will be applied to all this.
OK.
And for the small size I'm just going to use $25.
I'm going to.
OK.
This will be applied.
And let's see how this is applied.
I'm just going to come here.
You can see this is small and this has been applied so this is changed to 25 if I just come here and
I just click here.
You can see this is also changed.
This should be applied to this but this is also applied here.
And this is also applied here.
So it is also applied here.
If I just skim here I just sit medium right here and that nobody full color.
OK.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit add a variation.
So here I won the struggle price so for medium.
I want to add a set at a very low price so I'm just going to add for medium.
It should be too.
OK.
So let's see if we have got the changes.
It should not be applied here.
So it is applying to everything I think.
OK.
This is not working.
I hope they fix a tune because it is not working.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit expand and I'm going to make the changes to everything.
OK.
So for small size want to charge them 25.
OK let's just close everything and for a small blue I want to charge them 30 ok and force more.
I want to charge them 25 for all the smalls.
I'm just going to click here again and they're going to select the small from here again.
I'm going to add 25.
OK.
So here we go.
You can see that everything is light.
So this Medtner did not work.
This method works like a charm.
Guys seriously I don't know why it's not very clear.
It might be a fix that they need to do it.
So I'm just going to go ahead to the medium right here.
I'm going to select here.
OK.
And then here I need to add for the medium so medium is already applied you can see.
I'm just going to come here and this is also applied.
Now let's send you to the exile's so axil will be 450.
OK.
We have to apply it to all the exile's.
I'm just going to go here.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to hit 54 All-Access.
OK.
Now here I want 50 for all the axle.
So you can see that are prizing variations has been changed.
OK.
Let me show you what I wanted for.
I am saying to you guys OK.
If I just come here and I just hit publish right now.
OK.
And then you can see this is going to be published Let's wait till this is published and now I'm going
to open this up.
OK so here you can see this has been opened.
OK.
I need to publish this post page.
You can see this is how I got to know that this product is still in draft.
Now this product is published.
OK.
So if I just rephrase this you will see a poor fellow up here.
This is a tip that I'm giving you.
OK.
This is how it is working so we have T-shirts from men by Nike.
If I just choose this color so I choose the color to be gray doesn't matter.
OK but the size probably matters if I choose any color you can see the price is remaining sane.
OK if I choose any color but if I change the size 18 to be medium you can see that this is changing
if I decide to be too small you can see this is changing to 25 if I decide to excel it will be changed
to $50.
So this is how it works.
OK.
And for color women dish change the image.
So I'm going to go to the variations right here.
OK.
And then I'm going to add the colors.
So if someone selects a blue color ok and someone likes blue color then we want to change the image
so I'm going to go to upload file.
I'm going to crab.
I hope this is the blue one.
Yes.
OK.
I'm going to set variation in age if I just go down.
And then I like this one also.
I'm just going to add the various image and this one will also be the variation in age.
So here we go.
And you're going to come here I'm just going to click here and click here you can see blue has been
added.
We have to add for the red.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm just going to click here and he's going to click here and here.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to click here.
I'm going to click here and I'm going to play with it.
OK.
And then I'm going to come here.
I'm going to click here I'm going to click here and I'm gonna upload it.
So radiation has been added.
Now let's see him here.
Let's just hit update and have a look at his site so you can see that.
Now if I change the color if I change the color you can see that image will also be changed.
So for blue it will be turned blue for red.
It'll be turned red.
So we did one mistake.
We didn't added the red color.
OK let's just come here.
Let's go down let's go down and we have to select just one red.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm just going to drag it.
I'm just going to come here and I need to drag and drop this red one right here.
I this one should be added and then I can add the set variation to me.
So I'm just gonna come here.
OK.
And for this one read as well and just get across it.
I'm going to click here.
I'm going at it.
So I'm just going to hit set variation.
So make sure that when ever you add a product guy is seriously just go ahead and double check it because
there might be something that you have missed.
OK.
And it happens it happens seriously it happens even if you are a professional developer.
It will happen because you are a man and you it is not possible that you will not do mistakes and mistakes
will happen.
OK.
So for color gray is still cray.
The blue is blue gray and the red one is red right now.
So this is how is working.
So now we're totally done with this.
I hope that you have enjoyed this and I hope that you have got an idea of how the variable product for
it.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this and in the next video available working out at the coproduct
products are also important.
If you want to sell products I'm going to show you how they are how you can sell it.
And in the next video Philbert we're going up with that.
So Stadion and Buh-Bye.